END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR DIGITALPERSONA(r) SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT 
KIT (SDK) PRODUCTS 

IMPORTANT - READ CAREFULLY: This DIGITALPERSONA END USER LICENSE 
AGREEMENT (the "EULA") is a legal agreement between you either as an 
individual or as an authorized representative of a business entity 
(hereafter referred to as "You" and/or "Your") and DigitalPersona, Inc. 
("DigitalPersona"). DigitalPersona is willing to license to You the 
DigitalPersona software product accompanying this EULA, which may 
include, without limitation, fingerprint recognition software, 
fingerprint reader driver software, and any runtime binaries (including 
but not limited to plug-ins) that are compiled for distribution (the 
"Runtime Environment"), library files, header files, supplemental 
software, updates and upgrades, associated firmware, media, manuals, 
user guides and/or other documentation provided by DigitalPersona or 
made available for download, whether tangible or intangible 
(collectively, the "Software Product"). By installing, downloading, 
copying, or otherwise using the Software Product, You agree to be bound 
by the terms of this EULA. If You do not agree to the terms of this 
EULA, do not install, copy or use the Software Product; please return 
the original Software Product and all copies thereof (if any) to Your 
place of purchase to obtain a refund, or if the Software Product was 
downloaded, please remove and delete the original and all copies of the 
Software Product from the computer(s) on which it was installed. 

1. License Grant 

1.1 One Touch ID. Subject to the terms and conditions of this EULA, and 
subject to DigitalPersona's underlying Intellectual Property Rights (as 
defined below) in and to the Software Product: If You license One Touch 
ID, DigitalPersona grants to You a limited, non-transferable, and 
non-exclusive right to install and use the Software Product at Your 
premises; provided that Your intranet or other storage device is secured 
in such a manner as to prohibit access of the Software Product by 
unauthorized users, with the One Touch ID SDK, You may copy the Software 
Product to the hard disk of one (1) computer system only, or use the 
Software Product on Your network, provided that the number of developers 
in Your organization having access to or using the Software Product will 
not exceed one (1) or the number of valid licenses acquired by You which 
are still in force; and You may use, copy and redistribute to Your end 
users, in object code form, the files contained in the "Redist" folder 
and incorporate these files into or redistribute these files with the 
Licensee Application; 

1.2 U.are.U SDK for Windows, U.are.U SDK for Linux, U.are.U SDK for 
Windows CE, or U.are.U SDK for Android. If you license the U.are.U SDK 
for Windows, U.are.U SDK for Linux, U.are.U SDK for Windows CE, or 
U.are.U SDK for Android, DigitalPersona grants to You a limited, 
non-transferable, and non-exclusive right to install and use the 
Software Product at Your premises under the terms and conditions of this 
EULA. Provided that Your intranet or other storage device is secured in 
such a manner as to prohibit access of the Software Product by 
unauthorized users, You may copy the Software Product to the hard disk 
of a computer system, or use the Software Product on Your network. 

1.3 One Touch ID, U.are.U SDK for Windows, U.are.U SDK for Linux, 
U.are.U SDK for Windows CE, or U.are.U SDK for Android. Subject to the 
terms and conditions of this EULA, and subject to DigitalPersona's 
underlying Intellectual Property Rights (as defined below) in and to the 
Software Product: (a) You may use the Software Product to design, 
develop, and test a software application product (the "Licensee 
Application"), for use with the corresponding DigitalPersona fingerprint 
reader or module on a Workstation (defined below), or such other 
hardware/software package approved by DigitalPersona for use with the 
DigitalPersona SDK products. For purposes of this EULA, a Licensee 
Application specifically excludes any type of software development tool 
designed, developed, licensed and/or distributed by You. You represent 
that each and every biometric fingerprint reader, fingerprint 
recognition algorithm and other software required by the Licensee 
Application for fingerprint recognition will be a DigitalPersona product 
acquired from DigitalPersona or its authorized distributors. For 
purposes of this EULA, a Workstation means a computer, terminal or other 
digital electronic device that provides fingerprint authentication 
functionality. (b) You may (i) modify the sample source code located in 
the Software Product's "Samples" folder (the "Sample Code") and create 
derivatives thereof (the "Sample Derivatives"), and (ii) reproduce and 
distribute the Sample Derivatives in object code form only, and only as 
incorporated into the Licensee Application. (c) You may reproduce and 
distribute the Runtime Environment in object code form only as 
incorporated into the Licensee Application; provided, however, that You 
reproduce and include the copyright notice that appears in the Sample 
Code and Runtime Environment as provided by DigitalPersona and that You 
distribute the Licensee Application incorporating the Sample Derivatives 
and/or Runtime Environment pursuant to terms no less restrictive than 
those set forth in this Agreement. 

1.4 Special Requirements for the U.are.U SDK for Linux or U.are.U SDK 
for Android. If You license the U.are.U SDK for Linux (including any 
applicable plug-ins) or the U.are.U SDK for Android, You acknowledge 
that the use of these SDKs will require the use of certain third party 
software listed in the accompanying documentation. Unless otherwise 
specifically agreed by DigitalPersona in writing signed by an officer of 
DigitalPersona, You shall be solely responsible with respect to 
obtaining the necessary licenses and consents and bearing the costs to 
license all such third party software. 

2. License Restrictions. You acknowledge and represent that the Licensee 
Application shall not be used, under any circumstances, with fingerprint 
recognition hardware and software other than a DigitalPersona product. 
Except as otherwise permitted herein, You: (i) may not, or cause or 
permit a third party to reproduce, distribute, redistribute, sublicense, 
loan, rent or lease, all or any portion of the Software Product, 
including but not limited to, the bundling of the Software Product or 
portions thereof with any fingerprint recognition product not authorized 
by DigitalPersona; (ii) except as otherwise provided herein, shall not 
reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or attempt to access or 
discover the underlying source code of the Software Product or portions 
thereof; (iii) may not utilize the Software Product to create or develop 
(or cause or permit third parties to create or develop), any products 
which compete with DigitalPersona products; (iv) may not link the 
Software Product to any third party code that is licensed under any 
version of the GNU General Public License, the Affero General Public 
License or the GNU Lesser General Public License in such a manner as to 
require the Software Product to be distributed under any version of the 
GNU General Public License, Affero General Public License or the GNU 
Lesser General Public License, or develop any Licensee Application that 
is required to be distributed under the terms of any version of the GNU 
General Public License or Affero General Public License; (v) are 
prohibited by U.S. export regulations from using any DigitalPersona 
products to develop cryptographic or encryption capabilities or using 
any DigitalPersona products to develop items controlled for encryption 
capability or controlled for national security reasons. You shall 
promptly notify DigitalPersona if any of the foregoing restrictions have 
been breached and You shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless 
DigitalPersona from and against any and all costs, expenses, damages and 
claims arising out of such violation. 

3. Ownership of the Software Product. The Software Product (including 
any updates, upgrades, modifications and revisions) is protected by 
intellectual property and copyright laws and treaties worldwide, and may 
contain trade secrets of DigitalPersona or its suppliers, who have and 
maintain exclusive right, title and interest in and to the Software 
Product and the Sample Derivatives, and reserve and retain all rights 
not expressly granted to You under this EULA. You agree not to remove or 
obscure any copyright, trademark or patent notices that appear on any of 
the Software Product as delivered to you. Subject to DigitalPersona's 
underlying rights in and to the Software Product and portions thereof, 
You shall own all Intellectual Property Rights (as defined below) in and 
to the Licensee Application. 

4. Covenant to Facilitate Development. You acknowledge and agree not to 
enforce or assert any intellectual property rights (including, without 
limitation, all rights now held or hereafter created or acquired, 
whether arising under the laws of the United States or any other 
country, for any patents, copyrights or trade secrets (collectively, the 
"Intellectual Property Rights")), in any Licensee Application or 
derivatives thereof in a manner which in any way limits the development, 
use and distribution by DigitalPersona or its licensees of the Software 
Product. 

5. Support. DigitalPersona may offer support services related to the 
Software Product ("Support Services"). Receipt of Support Services is 
contingent upon Your agreement to then-current DigitalPersona support 
terms and conditions available at www.digitalpersona.com/support. Any 
supplemental Software Product code provided to You as a part of Support 
Services shall be deemed part of the Software Product and subject to the 
terms of this EULA. With respect to any technical information You 
provide while using Support Services, DigitalPersona may use such 
information for its business purposes, including without limitation, 
general product support and development. DigitalPersona will not use 
such technical information in a form or manner that personally 
identifies You. 

6. Limited Warranty; Disclaimer of Warranties. If DigitalPersona 
provided the Software Product to You on tangible media, DigitalPersona 
represents that such media in the form originally received by You and 
under normal use, will be free from defects in material and workmanship, 
for a period of ninety (90) days from the ship date of original Software 
Product You acquired as shown on Your receipt or similar proof of 
payment (the "Warranty Period"). EXCEPT FOR THE LIMITED WARRANTIES 
ABOVE, DIGITALPERSONA AND ITS DISTRIBUTORS OR RESELLERS MAKE NO OTHER 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY 
LAW, SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF EVERY TYPE, INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, SYSTEM INTEGRATION, SUPPORT SERVICES, AND 
NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS WITH REGARDS TO THE SOFTWARE 
PRODUCT. IF SUCH DISCLAIMER OF ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY IS NOT PERMITTED BY 
LAW, THE DURATION OF SAID IMPLIED WARRANTIES IS LIMITED TO NINETY (90) 
DAYS FROM THE DATE OF PURCHASE. 

If an upgrade or update to the Software Product is delivered with a new 
warranty period, then the terms of such new warranty period will apply 
only to the upgraded Software Product, and not the original Software 
Product. Any replacement Software Product will be warranted for the 
remainder of the original Software Warranty Period or thirty (30) days, 
whichever is longer. 

DigitalPersona's sole obligation and Your exclusive remedy under the 
limited warranties above shall be, at DigitalPersona's option, either a 
refund of the price paid (if any), or replacement of the Software 
Product that does not meet the DigitalPersona limited warranties, and 
that is returned to DigitalPersona with a copy of Your receipt or other 
such acceptable proof of purchase. 

7. Hazardous Use. The Software Product, DigitalPersona fingerprint 
reader or module, or any DigitalPersona Software are not designed, made, 
or intended for use in an application, or in development of Licensee 
Application, where failure, malfunction or inaccuracy of any of such 
products may cause death or serious bodily injury, including, without 
limitation, use in medical equipment, nuclear facilities, aircraft 
operation, air traffic control, or life support. Any such use is 
prohibited. Customer agrees that neither DigitalPersona nor its 
suppliers, distributors or resellers will be liable, in whole or in 
part, for any claims, losses, costs or damages arising out of or in 
connection with the use and performance of the Software Product in such 
applications. 

8. Indemnification. You shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless 
DigitalPersona against any claims, actions, losses, damages, costs and 
expenses (including attorney fees) arising out of and/or action brought 
against DigitalPersona as a result of: (i) a claim based upon an actual 
or alleged infringement of an intellectual property right of a third 
party arising from or related to the Licensee Application; (ii) any 
modification and/or enhancement to the Sample Code made by or for You; 
(iii) any distribution of all or a portion of the Software Product in 
breach of the limited license granted to You hereunder; and (iv) Your 
breach of the restrictions set forth in Section 2 and Section 7; 
provided that DigitalPersona reasonably cooperates with You (at Your 
expense) in the defense or settlement of such action or claim. You shall 
have control of the defense and all settlement negotiations, provided 
that You may not enter into a settlement providing for any restriction 
on DigitalPersona or the DigitalPersona technology without 
DigitalPersona's prior written consent, and provided further that 
DigitalPersona shall have the right to be represented by its own 
attorney at DigitalPersona's expense. 

9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY; EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT 
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL DIGITALPERSONA AND ITS 
EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS, DISTRIBUTORS OR RESELLERS 
BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, 
INDIRECT, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, WHETHER IN TORT, 
PRODUCT LIABILITY AND/OR NEGLIGENCE (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, 
DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, GOODWILL, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, 
LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, LOSS OF DATA, PRIVACY OR CONFIDENTIALITY, 
BREACH OF SECURITY SYSTEMS OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF 
OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO, THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE 
PRODUCT, EVEN IF DIGITALPERSONA AND ITS EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, 
SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS, DISTRIBUTORS OR RESELLERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBLILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES. EXCEPT FOR THE LIMITED 
WARRANTIES SET FORTH ABOVE, THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT IS SUPPLIED "AS IS", 
AND THE ENTIRE RISK OF ACCURACY AND SATISFACTORY PERFORMANCE IS WITH 
YOU. DIGITALPERSONA AND ITS DISTRIBUTORS OR RESELLERS DO NOT GUARANTEE 
THAT THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR ALL 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE WITH WHICH THEY INTERACT. IN 
ANY CASE, DIGITALPERSONA'S ENTIRE LIABILITY UNDER ANY PROVISION OF THIS 
EULA SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU FOR THIS 
SOFTWARE PRODUCT OR US$100.00, WHICHEVER IS GREATER. 

10. Termination of License. You may terminate this EULA at any time, 
upon written notice thereof to DigitalPersona. THIS EULA WILL TERMINATE 
AUTOMATICALLY IF YOU BREACH ANY LICENSE RESTRICTIONS, EXPORT 
RESTRICTIONS, OR MATERIAL PROVISION OF THIS EULA. Upon termination, all 
rights to use the Software Product will cease and You shall (i) promptly 
destroy the original and all copies of the Software Product in Your 
possession or under its control, and certify in writing to 
DigitalPersona of such destruction, and (ii) cease distribution of the 
Sample Derivatives and/or Runtime Environment as incorporated in the 
Licensee Application. 

11. GENERAL TERMS 11.1 No Third Party Beneficiaries. No provision of 
this EULA is intended, nor will it be interpreted, to provide or create 
any third party beneficiary rights or any other rights of any kind in 
third parties. All provisions hereof will be personal solely between You 
and DigitalPersona. 

11.2 Governing Law and Exclusive Forum. This EULA shall be governed by 
and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of 
California, United States of America, excluding its choice of law 
provisions. With the exception of DigitalPersona's right to enforce its 
intellectual property rights under this EULA, all disputes arising out 
of this EULA shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of 
the Superior Court of the State of California San Mateo County and the 
Federal District Court of the Northern District of California, United 
States of America, and the parties consent to the personal and exclusive 
jurisdiction and venue of such courts. The United Nations Convention on 
Contracts for the International Sales of Goods is specifically 
disclaimed. 

11.3 Compliance with Laws; Export Restrictions; Anti-Bribery. You will 
comply with all applicable laws, rules, regulations, orders, and other 
requirements of governmental agencies in your use of the Software 
Product and in the development and distribution of the Licensee 
Application that use or access any Software Products. Without limiting 
the foregoing, You acknowledge and agree that the Software Product and 
the Licensee Application are subject to United States export 
restrictions, and that You will strictly comply with all applicable 
United States and international laws relating to the importing and/or 
exporting of licensed software, and You will not, directly or 
indirectly, export or re-export the Software Product, the Licensee 
Application and related technical data in violation of the Export 
Administration Regulations of the U.S. Department of Commerce and other 
applicable laws, including, but not limited to, the prohibition to 
export: (a) to embargoed destinations or to any person or entity listed 
as a denied party or other restriction by the U.S. Department of 
Commerce; or (b) to any persons or entity supporting or engaged in 
prohibited proliferation activities (e.g. weapons of mass destruction, 
nuclear, chemical or biological weapons, missiles, sanctioned for 
transfer of lethal military equipment, etc.). Current regulations, 
embargoed destinations, and other prohibition lists are available on the 
United States Department of Commerce Bureau of Industry and Security 
website at http://www.bis.doc.gov. For more information on export 
restrictions for DigitalPersona products, please contact DigitalPersona 
Legal Department at DPLegal@DigitalPersona.com. 

You hereby represent and warrant that You shall not: (a) act in any 
fashion or take any action or permit or authorize any action which will 
render DigitalPersona liable for a violation of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt 
Practices Act, which prohibits the offering, giving or promising to 
offer or give, directly or indirectly, money or anything of value to any 
official of a government, political party or instrumentality thereof in 
order to assist it or DigitalPersona in obtaining or retaining business; 
(b) act in any fashion or take any action or permit or authorize any 
action which will render DigitalPersona liable for a violation of the 
"U.K. Bribery Act of 2010," which prohibits: (i) the offering, giving or 
promising to offer or give, directly or indirectly, money or anything of 
value or other advantage to another person with the intent to induce a 
person to perform improperly a relevant function or activity; or reward 
a person for the improper performance of a relevant function or 
activity; (ii) requesting, agreeing to accept or accepting money or 
anything of value or other advantage in return for the improper 
performance of a relevant function or activity; or (iii) the influencing 
of a foreign public official by the offering, giving or promising to 
offer or give, directly or indirectly, money or anything of value or 
other advantage to a foreign public official or to another person at a 
foreign public official's request, assent or acquiescence in order to 
obtain or retain business or an advantage in the conduct of business. 
The "U.K. Bribery Act of 2010" applies both to bribery in the private 
and public sector, directly or indirectly (i.e. through a third party), 
improper facilitation payments, and to relevant functions or activities 
performed outside the U.K.; or (c) violate or cause DigitalPersona to 
violate such Acts in connection with the sale or distribution of 
products and/or services; and if You are a non-governmental entity, You 
will notify DigitalPersona in writing if any of its owners, partners, 
principals, and officers are or become during the term of this Agreement 
officials, officers or representatives of any government or political 
party or candidate for political office outside the United States and 
are responsible for a decision regarding obtaining or retaining business 
for products by such government. 

11.4 Government Rights. You acknowledge and agree that the Software 
Product and all related materials thereto licensed under this EULA are 
"Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software 
Documentation" as defined in FAR 12.212 for civilian agencies and DFARS 
227.7202 for military agencies and their successors, and in the event 
You are permitted under this EULA to provide the Software Product, or a 
portion thereof, to the U.S. Government, such Software Product shall be 
provided under the terms of this EULA, or terms at least as restrictive 
as the terms of this EULA. If You are permitted under this EULA to 
provide the Software Product, or a portion thereof, to a non-U.S. 
government entity, You shall take all necessary steps to ensure that 
DigitalPersona's intellectual property and proprietary rights in and to 
the Software Product receive the maximum protection available from such 
non-U.S. government for commercial computer software and documentation. 

11.5 Severability. If any provision of this EULA is declared 
unenforceable, illegal or invalid by a competent tribunal under 
applicable law, then such provision shall be deemed automatically 
adjusted to conform to the requirements for validity and enforceability, 
and so adjusted, shall be deemed a provision of this EULA as though 
originally included herein. In the event that the abovementioned 
provision is of such a nature that it cannot be so adjusted, such 
provision shall be deleted from the EULA, and the remaining provisions 
of the EULA shall remain in full force and effect. WITHOUT LIMITING THE 
FOREGOING, IT IS EXPRESSLY UNDERSTOOD AND AGREED THAT EACH AND EVERY 
PROVISION OF THIS EULA WHICH PROVIDES FOR A LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, 
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY OR EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES IS INTENDED BY THE 
PARTIES TO BE SEVERABLE AND INDEPENDENT OF ANY OTHER SUCH PROVISION. 
FURTHER, IN THE EVENT THAT ANY REMEDY HEREUNDER IS DETERMINED TO HAVE 
FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE, ALL LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY AND 
EXCLUSIONS OF DAMAGES SHALL REMAIN IN EFFECT. 

11.6 No Agency. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as creating 
any agency, partnership, franchise or other form of joint enterprise 
between the parties. 

11.7 No Waiver. The failure of either party to require performance by 
the other party of any provision hereof shall not affect the full right 
to require such performance at any time thereafter; nor shall the waiver 
by either party of a breach of any provision hereof be taken or held to 
be a waiver of the provision itself. 

11.8 Notices. All notices or reports permitted or required under this 
Agreement to DigitalPersona shall be in writing and shall be by personal 
delivery, facsimile transmission, by certified or registered mail, 
return receipt requested, or by internationally recognized courier (e.g. 
FedEx), and shall be deemed given upon personal delivery, five (5) 
calendar days after deposit in the mail (or ten (10) calendar days for 
non-USA locations), or upon acknowledgment of receipt of electronic 
transmission. Notices shall be sent to DigitalPersona, Inc. 720 Bay 
Road, Redwood City, CA 94063 USA Attn: Legal Department . 11.9 Language. 
This EULA is prepared and entered into in the English language only, 
which language shall be controlling in all respects. Any translations of 
this EULA into any other language are for reference only and shall have 
no legal or other effect. 

11.10 Entire Agreement. This EULA contains and constitutes the sole, 
complete and entire agreement and understanding between You and 
DigitalPersona concerning the matters contained herein and may not be 
altered, modified or changed in any manner except with DigitalPersona's 
prior written consent. No statements, promises or representations have 
been made by one party to the other, and the parties are not relying on 
any representations other than those expressly set forth herein. 

SDK_EULA_elec130509 

